Add release notes and other release-related things (#38)
percona/percona-server-mysql-operator: source/eks.rst

             - "systemctl restart docker"

.. note:: ``preBootstrapCommands`` section is used in the
          above example to increase the limits for the amount of opened files:
          this is important and shouldn't be omitted, taking into account the
          default EKS soft limit of 65536 files.

When the cluster configuration file is ready, you can actually create your cluster
by the following command:

.. code:: bash

   $ eksctl create cluster -f ~/cluster.yaml

Install the Operator
=======================

#. Create a namespace and set the context for the namespace. The resource names must be unique within the namespace and provide a way to divide cluster resources between users spread across multiple projects.

   So, create the namespace and save it in the namespace context for subsequent commands as follows (replace the ``<namespace name>`` placeholder with some descriptive name):

   .. code:: bash

      $ kubectl create namespace <namespace name>
      $ kubectl config set-context $(kubectl config current-context) --namespace=<namespace name>

   At success, you will see the message that namespace/<namespace name> was created, and the context was modified.

> #. Use the following ``git clone`` command to download the correct branch of the percona-xtradb-cluster-operator repository:

Reviewer: please change repo name

> #. Use the following ``git clone`` command to download the correct branch of the percona-xtradb-cluster-operator repository:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Use the following ``git clone`` command to download the correct branch of the percona-server-mysql-operator repository:
```
